.TH MODULARCONFIG-SUITE 7 "2025-12-27" "ModularConfig Suite" "Miscellaneous"
.SH NAME
modularconfig-suite \- modular Linux configuration installer suite
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B install.sh
[\fB--dry-run\fR]
[\fB--yes\fR]
[\fB--pm\fR \fIname\fR]
[\fB--log\fR \fIfile\fR]
[\fB--groups\fR \fIlist\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The ModularConfig Suite (CSI) is a Bash-first installer collection for common
Linux configuration tasks. The main entry point is
.I install.sh
which presents an interactive menu of package groups and optional modules.
Each module directory includes its own README and, when applicable, an
independent installer script.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --dry-run
Print commands that would run without making changes.
.TP
.B --yes\fR, \fB-y\fR, \fB--assume-yes
Assume yes to prompts for non-interactive runs.
.TP
.B --pm \fIname\fR
Override the detected package manager (apt, dnf, pacman, or zypper).
.TP
.B --log \fIfile\fR
Write logs to the specified path (default:
.I ./modularconfig-install.log
).
.TP
.B --groups \fIlist\fR
Comma-separated group names to select non-interactively. Group names match the
header lines in
.I packages/pkg-list.txt
.
.TP
.B -h\fR, \fB--help
Show the built-in help text.
.SH ENTRY POINTS
.TP
.I install.sh
Unified interactive installer for package groups and module entry points.
.TP
.I setup/optional_tools.sh
Optional helper menu for module installers.
.TP
.I modularshell/install.sh
Standalone installer for the ModularShell module.
.TP
.I modularnotes/install.sh
Standalone installer for the ModularNotes module.
.SH MODULES
.TP
.I browsers/
Browser helpers and search utilities.
.TP
.I modularnotes/
Note taking and task helpers.
.TP
.I modularshell/
Modular Bash configuration and shell helpers.
.TP
.I setup/
Setup routines and optional tool menus.
.TP
.I system/
System-level installers and configuration helpers.
.TP
.I theming/
Themes, fonts, and wallpaper assets.
.TP
.I vim-config/
Vim configuration installer.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I packages/pkg-list.txt
Package group definitions used by
.I install.sh
menus.
.TP
.I tests/scripts/
Dry-run harnesses for multiple package managers.
.TP
.I tests/test_dry_results/
Log output from dry-run tests.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B IGNORE_PKG_DB
Set to 1 to skip package database checks when running
.I install.sh
.
.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
./install.sh --dry-run
./install.sh --groups "Fonts & Themes" --yes
IGNORE_PKG_DB=1 ./install.sh --dry-run --yes --pm dnf
.EE
.SH NOTES
Most scripts invoke
.BR sudo (8)
for package installation. Run
.B --dry-run
first to preview actions.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bash (1),
.BR modularshell (7)
