.TH MODULARSHELL 7 "2025-12-27" "ModularConfig Suite" "Miscellaneous"
.SH NAME
modularshell \- modular Bash configuration framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B modularshell
.br
.B source
.I ~/.bashrc
.SH DESCRIPTION
ModularShell is a modular Bash configuration layout used by the ModularConfig
Suite. It installs a structured set of Bash files under
.I ~/.config/bash
and replaces
.I ~/.bashrc
to source them. It provides aliases, prompt helpers, key bindings, and utility
functions intended for interactive shell use.
.SH INSTALLATION
From the module directory, run:
.B ./install.sh
.PP
For non-interactive runs:
.B ./install.sh --yes
.PP
The installer backs up the existing
.I ~/.bashrc
and
.I ~/.config/bash
before installing.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/
Primary configuration directory.
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/aliases.bash
Alias definitions.
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/prompt.bash
Prompt configuration with git integration.
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/keybinds.bash
Key bindings for readline.
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/fzf.bash
FZF integration (optional).
.TP
.I ~/.config/bash/functions/system.bash
System helpers and convenience functions.
.TP
.I ~/.bashrc
Bootstrap file installed by the module.
.TP
.I ~/.bashrc.local
Optional local overrides sourced by the bootstrap.
.SH FUNCTIONS
Common helpers include:
.TP
.B mkcd
Create a directory and cd into it.
.TP
.B extract
Extract a range of archive formats.
.TP
.B backup
Create a timestamped backup of a file or directory.
.TP
.B calc
Evaluate a math expression (python3 or bc).
.TP
.B sysinfo
Print basic system information.
.TP
.B install_tools
Install recommended CLI tools (fzf, ripgrep) using the detected package manager.
.SH KEY BINDINGS
.TP
.B Ctrl+L
Clear the screen.
.TP
.B Up/Down
Search command history.
.TP
.B Ctrl+R
Reverse history search (enhanced with fzf when available).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B EDITOR
Auto-selected editor (nvim, vim, micro, or nano).
.TP
.B PATH
Extended with common user tool locations.
.SH OPTIONAL TOOLS
FZF and ripgrep are recommended. Prompt and file listing aliases integrate
with eza/exa when available.
.SH NOTES
If
.BR man (1)
does not find this page, ensure
.I ~/.local/share/man
is in your MANPATH.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bash (1),
.BR fzf (1),
.BR rg (1),
.BR git (1)
